Hello every body, nice to meet you again. I'm Kevin.
Welcome back to Kevin show.

Today, I want to talk with you about one of my hobbies.
As you see a song before and this picture, Can you guess "What is my hobby ?".
My hobby is listening music.

I can't remember first time I met music. I mean we started listening music when
we were born but we were very very young so we can't remember. But first time
I pay attention to music when I was 15 years old. My brother always turned on
CD players so loud and I listened songs with him. In this time, internet
accessing was limited and they stored digital music into CDs. Here is few
of CDs which I listened in this time, it is old.

    - Album Coat to Coat by Westlife.
    - Album One Love by Blue.
    - Album Britney Spears by Britney Spears.
    - Album Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park.

When I was 18 years old, I visited one of my friends. His sister left
Viet Nam and gave him a big CDs track. He know I like listening music and he
gave me that's CDs track. I was impressive and asked him
"What the hell ?. Are you kidding me ?. How can I bring them into my room ?".
He said "No, you can't, but you can pick few of them what is you like".
Then I putted many CDs into my bag and 2 more bags from him and took them
to my room. After that I knew more singers, music band and their albums.
It is really awesome.

Now it is 2017. What is your music tool ?. I use youtube. I chose youtube
because 2 reasons.

    - Almost singers, bands and songs are here and they are update quickly.
    You almost can listen everything at here.

    - Youtube servers are designed very good and you almost never wait for
    loading data.

I listen various types of music. I do not focus on one of types. I try
everything, listen again if I feel that "It is awesome". Here few of
types of music what I like here.

    - If you like voice performing, let listen songs perform by
    Celine Dion. She is really really awesome. Her voice is strong.
    You can hear difference in her voice than other singers when
    she perform in her live show.

    - If you like instrumental music, let try tracks perform by
    The The Piano Guys. Tracks will make you become more happy. You can feel
    that something is strange and want to listen again and again.

    - If you like music and fashion combinations, let come with Lady Gaga.
    You must watch video instead of only sound. You will hear that her voice
    is really good, see that her fashion is monstrous and context is strange.

Few years recently, they combine music and the movies in new ways.
It's impressive, both music and the movies, they help together.
When you watch the movies you get more songs, more kinds, more singers from
past to present. Here is few of movies with impressive music.

    - Guardians of the galaxy with Hooked on a feeling by Blue Swede.
    They have one soundtrack album called Guardians of the galaxy -
    Awesome mixed vol. 1. All of tracks are good.

    - Pitch perfect 2 with Flashlight by Jessie J. It's awesome.

    - Home with Feel the light by Jennifer Lopez. It's awesome.

    - Furious 7 with See you again by Wiz Khalifa ft. Charlie Puth.
    It's awesome.

Yes all of them are awesome, but I can not explain by any ways. You must feel
music during you watch the movies.

With me, music give happiness, comfort, inspiration and that is reasons why
I like listening music.

Finally, I want to introduce with you Deadpool opening and ending sound tracks.
My friend and I watched Deadpool, we like opening and ending sound tracks.
In ending of movie, we stay and listened until the end of ending sound track.
When we were out, she asked me "What's name of songs ?". I answered
"I don't know but it is familiar and I can't remember what is it". She said
"And it's awesome isn't". I said "Yes, I will find the songs and send to you".
And here the songs.

    - Angel of the morning by Juice Newton.

    - Careless Whisper by George Michael.

Now, let feel them.

Okey, thanks for listening. Now share your emotions and questions ?
